[Music]
even in the dark zone there is sunlight
turn off the submersible headlights and
you see a pyrotechnic display outside
these lights are created by animal ease
this is bioluminescence a deep-sea
anglerfish flashes in the dark the light
is generated by bacteria that is
permanently inside the law which
attracts prey to these murderous people
there are all sorts of lure out in the
darkness come into my mouth
[Music]
and what is the purpose of this
suspended on a long rod way below its
owners terrifying set of teeth
it's difficult to be sure but then this
monster does have another giant flashing
lure much closer to its mouth
[Music]
these fish are called anchor because
they use their lives in much the same
way as fly fishermen use their imitation
flies hunting squid with huge eyes this
glimmer is intriguing it might just be
food
[Music]